Feature/multiple backends sync impl (#2203)
neicnordic/sensitive-data-archive: sda/cmd/sync/sync.md

### Storage settings

> The sync service requires access to the "archive", and "sync" storage. To configure that, the following configuration is required:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sync service requires access to the "archive" and "sync" storage backends. To configure these, the following configuration is required:
```
